oh, how late would the internet be reality today
I bring you a very special video because
it is 100% improvised because today it arrives
late before arriving at my house the
work I said I'm very talkative and
It would be a good time to take advantage of this
is this energy outbreak for
record a video that they had generated
hours is a couple of days but not what
I'm going to be able to do so this one exists
video
good morning I believe you about this
Netflix series in conjunction with Marvel and
it's obviously giving it some good
reasons to really see but not
I understand why someone does not variable
speed that is constant enough
reason the fact that you are with mother and
I'm in chingona as to not the
see why we need reasons but
well I will do this video to do
my work of convincing because they are
with mother for me first because it has
a slightly darker shade than others
other things that has made more noise that is
I usually compare to design
marvel and we see what to say has things a
little darker than marvel but in
this case is not like that in this case
story of giving a little more
dark is definitely the most
bloody manuel has done until the
date because if they see it this way it's
how good is right because everything
they try to do it like in a
viteri classification are not a
b15 classification maybe something a lot
but now having been a little more
there and this is very good for me because
in the comic it is really use a lot
violence to attack
the criminals or their enemies with the
who are facing then I think this
it's a very good point very well marvel
very good xlix now the actors for me
they are the majority unknown
charly cos makes an excellent role as
as much as more edges as they surrounded it
As more burgos of truth I do believe him
that is blind acts super well blind
you do not feel a moment
some strange movement with your eyes or
some strange physical movement that
say something and the cause already does
doubly you have not blindly for me now
which best fits in your role
It is definitely vincent d'onofrio
as wilson fish as kingpin in this
man obviously we will all remember
like man never run of men's
black one and those dreams of a paper
immortal that we have all seen and all
also we recognize anywhere
It has come out a lot in the order but I did not
agreement what was this division in which
out was not victims not the unit of
special victims' of nothing if not me
wrong first he tried then what
you can meet agitators he makes a
excellent paper like wilson fish or
you really see the madness in your
performance
and this is very small because I remember of
when michael clarke duncan did
here prevents the film version that does not
he was very successful and he had
precisely something batman to ben affleck
how to give halo and well no no it felt
really like I went into effort in
that movie you feel that you were made
just like to take it out to get
real money this series itself is
much better achieved if maybe it has
a bad image of giving of albert by
have seen that movie with venable
totally mocks their minds because they do not
it is like this to give them a very very cool and in
this series really shaped how
is that I'm going to tell you a little bit more
now yes about the series something that I
they really like that they do not concentrate much
in at the beginning of the band of 12 by
example tell you many things about the
relationship you have with your father and the
relationship that I say of the lives that
wore when he was a child and the
accident that happened to them when it was
blind but they tell you like in
flashback your actions of the short ones that
they do not occupy too much space and no and no
they contaminate the main plot not that it is
really everything that wilson moves
phillips that in crime and in magic
and all this does not stop being me too
like the sharia begins when he already
is a vigilante maybe not one so
prepared a home hero let's say it like that
which in fact mentions that he buys his
things to fight him his or her clothes
buy them on the internet then you know
something that makes me very young does not
goes live that is an incomplete
a verne scarf or something and I like it
Also a lot is that the series is very
real osasuna spanks a very hero
real who fights not so much with super
villain but fight with criminals
for crooks like piglets with gangsters
with criminals go let's say it like that and
apart from all this mad murdock is
lawyer and the treble are a shit
then apart from that because outside of
the law to do justice not apart with
his real person from the fattest the
that really seeks the superior good of
the people or the batt really
defend the people who deserve it
something that I also like many that
explain why it has so developed
your senses or for example in the
Ben Ali's film will not explain
not at all how he can have the ear
touch and taste as developed
because you say how can it be that
person follows that is obviously normal
that children have more acute or their
other senses but not to the degree of something
already almost supernatural new superhuman and
Here they explain the reason for their
senses so chingón is something that also
I really like the character of the
It really is Catholic and despite
that I'm not religious I think
excellent people who have too much
faith because it gives them extra motivation not
they are given a motivation beyond
themselves and imagine a person who
apart from that he has confidence in himself
she has the confidence that someone
more divine looks it is protecting it
then it makes me very crazy
rhythm of the series is terrific
I really think it's the best series of
marvel so far have not had the
opportunity to see to see but I'm
watching I'm still up to date with that
I want
and even though they partners I like
much all this roll of the inhuman
that they are putting him back from vélez
something very different the announcement that there
been all season and not like seeing
with soul that stands that what
they were going up every Tuesday because
still here you can not see at your pace and
you really do not stay with the desire to
know what's happening are you really can
do something that I would recommend either
we see too fast because if you do not
you can finish it maybe in a day
only and then it will not have
nothing to see and the second season is
announced until 2016 so have
in mind that if you pour it full
they will not be able to see the season zone until
2016 and then impossible direct
endings that really need to see her
I liked me know where
a long time ago but with this series
really already climbed many steps to
become I believe that in about 2000 I
I think it's already in my top 10
favorite superheroes of all
comics thanks to this good series
personally those are my reasons for
what you should really should
so I would like it if you already saw the
series that let me remove the
comments that seemed to them
liked that they did not like it
they have seen it and they also
I would appreciate it if you left me in
comments on any topic that
like to see me speak in the next
videos in the end is to stop all my
social networks to follow me and
we can be in contact and I do not have
nothing more than to thank those who have seen
the video and tell them to see you in the
next tv edition video I love them
the body published in 2011 already has its
gratuitous
smssm against something
475 parts